                                The Lion & The Mouse

Once upon a time there lived a lion who ruled the forest.One day after eating his meal the lion fell asleep under a tree. A little Mouse saw him & thought it would be fun to play on him. He began running up & down the sleeping lion. He ran up the tail & slid down the tail. The lion woke up angrily with a loud roar. He grabbed the mouse with his huge paw. The mouse stuggled but could not escape. The lion opened his big jaw to swallow him. The mouse was very scared. The Mouse said "Oh king please let me go. I'm very scared, i shall never forget it & maybe one day i can help you" . The lion was so amused by the idea of the mouse beingh able to help him that he lifted him & let him go. The lion said "You are lucky my friend that i had just eaten. Now go don't mess with me again or i will make a meal of you". A few days later the lion was roaming in the jungle. Hunters had set a trap to catch the lion. The hunters hid behind the tree waiting for the lion to approach the trap. As he did. The hunters pulled the ropes & caught him in the net. The lion started to roar loudly & tried to escape but the hunters fastened the net. They went back to the village to bring a cart to transport the lion. The lion was still roaring loudly. All the animals including the mouse heard the mouse. The mouse said "The king is in trouble. I must return the favour". He soon reached the lion. The mouse said "Don't worry my king. I will set you free". He climbed up the trap& used his sharp little teethto bite through the ropes. Finally he freed the lion from the trap. The mouse realized that even a little mouse can be great help. The lion said "Thank You mouse. I will never trouble you again. Live happily in my forest. You saved the king's life. Now you are the prince of the forest". The mouse said "Thank you king. See you soon". The king was happy & allowed the mouse to play on him. The mouse started jumping & sliding down his tail. After a while the hunters arrived with a big cart to carry the lion. The lion & the mouse saw them & started running towards them. The lion gave a big roar. The hunters were terrified & ran away back to the village. The lion & the mouse became friends forever.